The best of His Majesty is now checking the bones and water of the young people
The old man's bones are real
Now that it has been verified
Then take them down and make soup
Just in time to add a meal to our Japanese emissary
You can't win this game
I just admitted defeat.
I can be very atmospheric.
Even if you win this game
The second round of archery to see who can shoot accurately
Can you
Who are you sending?
Your Majesty has been frail since childhood
not good
The court is employing people
You push three and four
Why should I raise you?
Your Majesty forgives his sins
The minister is plotted by the state
If Chen Ruo loses, Liaodong's land is not guaranteed
The minister is the greatest sinner through the ages
Fair enough.
Your Majesty is willing to fight
No, use the counterattack and no longer fight.
The two concubines on the list
Who is willing to fight for me?
Your Majesty's concubine learned chess and taught me to travel for the country
Haha, did you promise not to throw it away?
Ah, let a woman beg for beheading
Don't be crazy, little devil
Let's talk about winning
Hey, we can win lying down
We sent the heroes of our country
Guida 30,000
He can pull four slingshots.
Xiao Haizi, go and visit my palace